add cloud beta usage (#33)
redpanda-data/docs-site: meta-docs/CONTRIBUTING.adoc

For more information about navigation files, see the {url-antora-docs}/antora/latest/navigation/include-lists/[Antora docs].

== Cloud pages

> Cloud pages should be tagged accordingly. If you create a cloud page make sure to add the attribute `page-cloud:true` after `title:` and `description:`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redpanda Cloud pages should be tagged accordingly. If you create a Redpanda Cloud page make sure to add the attribute `page-cloud:true` to the top of the file under the title.
```

=== Cloud beta feature

Cloud has a different flavor of beta, where some specific features can be marked as beta. If that's the case, add the attribute `page-beta:true` to your page, after `page-cloud:true`.

== Feature Flag

> If a feature is marked as feature flag, please include the partial admonition that identifies it. Use `include::shared:partial$feature-flag.adoc[]`  as the first information on your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a feature is marked as a feature flag, please include the partial admonition that identifies it. To include the admonition, add `include::shared:partial$feature-flag.adoc[]` to the top of the page after the title and any attributes.
```
